Functions with outputs
   1. The python return statement is used in a function to return the value to the caller program, which is used only within the function.
   2. If the return statement contains an expression, it’s evaluated first and then the value is returned, which terminates the execution of 
      the function
   3. A function can have multiple return statements having mutliple types of values. When any of them is executed, the function terminates.

Return keyword
   1. The return keyword is to exit a function and return a value.
   2. Statements after the return line will not be executed as:
         def myfunction():
            return 3+3
            print("Hello, World!")

         print(myfunction())

      For the given code, the result would be given as:
         6, which proves that the value of 3 + 3 is returned to the function but the next statement never executes.
   3. multiple return statements can be used in a function


Docstrings:
   Docstrings or documentation strings are usually given after the declaration of the function.
   1. The first indended line of defining a function within """ """ or''' ''' are Docstrings.
   2. provide a convenient way of associating documentation wit pythin midules, functions, classes, and methods.
      or they are used to document our code.
   3. These docstrings can be accessed using the __doc__ attribute.

Print VS Return
  1. Use print when you want to show a value an an output. Return is a keyword. When a return statement is reached, Python will stop the execution 
     of the current function, sending a value out to where the function was called. Use return when you want to send a value from one point in 
     your code to another. Using return changes the flow of the program.

Flags
  1. A ﬂag variable can be used to let one part of your program know when something happens in another part of the program.

Recursion
   1. Recursion is a common mathematical and programming concept. It means that a function calls itself. This has the benefit of meaning that we 
      can loop through data to reach a result.